I'm a Front End Developer with 5 years experience building and maintaining responsive websites in the recruiting industry. I am currently available for work and projects, and am looking for an opportunity to work with a company to help them with their website's front end. I have a great eye for detail and strong skills in HTML, CSS, Tailwind css, JavaScript, Django, React js and github.

.I am an expert at google business profiles and know how to digitally catapult your business into
 orbit! If you need any assistance, ping me. I help people who want to make their business an actual
commercial success and money-making machine. I love learning new things and making them work for me. I'm a coder, blogger, and an expert with google business profiles.

My name is Asif Khan. 
I have been learning coding and digital marketing for the last 4 years and improving my skills. I have worked on several projects which you can find in my project section. I am an expert at google business profiles and know how to digitally catapult your business into orbit! If you need any assistance, ping me. I help people who want to make their business an actual commercial success and money-making machine. I love learning new things and making them work for me. I'm a coder, blogger, and an expert with google business profiles. And as if mantioned above I'm a Front End Developer with 5 years experience building and maintaining responsive websites in the recruiting industry. I am currently available for work and projects, and am looking for an opportunity to work with a company to help them with their website's front end. I have a great eye for detail and strong skills in HTML, CSS, Tailwind css, JavaScript, Django, React js and github.

improved....
My name is Asif Khan. 
I have been learning coding and digital marketing for the last 4 years and improving my skills. I have worked on several projects which you can find in my project section. I am an expert at google business profiles and know how to digitally catapult your business into orbit! If you need any assistance, ping me. I help people who want to make their business an actual commercial success and money-making machine. I love learning new things and making them work for me. I'm a coder, blogger, and an expert with google business profiles. And as if mentioned above I'm a Front End Developer with 5 years of experience building and maintaining responsive websites in the recruiting industry. I am currently available for work and projects and am looking for an opportunity to work with a company to help them with their website's front end. I have a great eye for detail and strong skills in HTML, CSS, Tailwind CSS, JavaScript, Django, React js, and GitHub. About my personal life.